Forget it.
Your Majesty, thank you for coming south.
Your Majesty.
The Duke of End has indeed lived up to expectations.
His efforts are commendable.
Truly, he is my good brother.
Good news from the south.
The plague in Liaocheng has been brought under control.
It seems the Duke of End was well-prepared this time.
On this trip,
he brought a renowned physician.
The physician developed a miraculous medicine.
Saving the common people from peril.
Your Majesty.
Although the Duke of End’s bringing this physician is indeed praiseworthy,
I feel that
the speed at which this epidemic was controlled
seems as if someone was manipulating it.
You mean...
All the colleagues in the Imperial Medical Department were helpless.
Yet this physician brought by the Duke of End
managed to develop a miraculous medicine so quickly.
This seems too coincidental.
You suspect that this plague
was caused by this physician?
I’m not sure at the moment.
But the previous physician who faked his death and escaped,
I have yet to find any clues.
One can imagine,
the person behind this physician has an extraordinary background.
But the Duke of End is my brother, could it be...
All of this is indeed too coincidental.
Even if the Duke of End is my brother,
if it endangers the court,
causing harm to the people,
a prince who breaks the law is punished the same as commoners.
Indeed.
I will order a thorough investigation into this matter.
We must capture the treacherous traitors.
I will obey.
The Duke of End is deeply loved by the people of Liaocheng.